like this right this girl she came out
of water looking like a model magazine
baby she was shaped like the bottle
don't see her she was right first time
that I would step so ready hi guys i'm
back with another video obviously and
today I thought I would just show you my
study tips a quick and easy makeup look
a few easy very very easy hairstyles and
I think I did two or three comfy outfit
ideas for when you are studying at home
or if you have to go to school to do an
exam and I thought that since my life
right now is pretty much eat sleep
school study repeat there's no better
time to do this video and then right now
so for any of you who have exams coming
up soon i hope this video helps you and
if you're supposed to be studying right
now I suggest you watch this the rest of
this video then click the subscribe
button and click the like button then
click the little X up in the corner
close your laptop turn off your phone
and then go on study so my first tip to
studying is to find somewhere where you
are comfortable whether it is your desk
or your bed just make sure you're
comfortable and you'll be able to work
properly so then what I like to do is
just read through all of my notes and
write down anything that I might have
missed out and would rewrite my notes
just to help me memorize everything and
then highlighting is something that's
really important as well if you get
sheets from your teacher you can either
rewrite the notes out and then highlight
them or you can just highlight them on
the piece of paper that your teacher
gave you and another tip is if you are
not sure of something make sure you ask
questions at school and if you're at
home and you're not sure if something
gets always okay just to call a friend
and ask for help
and if you're like me and you tend to
get bored of your school work really
quickly then I suggest to take a break I
like to study for about two hours and
then take maybe a 10 20 minute break and
another really important thing is to
drink lots and lots and lots and lots
and lots of water you want to stay
hydrated and stay healthy and take care
of your skin and another really
important thing is to eat healthy I like
to just snack on berries and fruit and
nuts to stay healthy for my makeup I
like to keep it very light and it's
simple and I'm just taking my Fit stick
foundation and blending that in with my
Real Techniques stippling brush and then
i'm taking my stay matte Rimmel London
finishing powder and putting that all
over my face and then i'm taking a
bright pink blush to make me look more
awake and more vibrant and just putting
that on my checks then the usual just
filling in my eyebrows and then I'm
putting a white eyeshadow in the corner
of my eyes to make me look a lot more
awake because I have been staying up
studying and then just curling my
eyelashes and adding my new favorite
mascara they're real by benefit and
that's it for the makeup for the first
look I'm just going to be parting my
hair at the top you can do a middle part
or whatever suits your hair best and
then I'm just splitting it into three
and doing a regular braid
watching those LA
and instead of going all the way to the
end I decided just to tie it off halfway
through and then I'm just going to be
pulling it out and making it look bigger
and Messier and then I'm just going to
be pulling out some pieces from the top
of my head and giving my hair more
volume to make it look a bit more messy
for the second look I'm just doing the
usual high ponytail just to keep your
hair out of your face in my life
studying and the third book is just
another ponytail but it is at the back
of your head instead and I'm just tying
that up and then I'm going to be pulling
out some pieces and again just giving my
hair more volume and making it look a
bit Messier for all my outfits on the
bottom I'm just doing a pair of black
tights because they are honestly the
most comfortable pants over and you want
to be comfortable when you are studying
or taking an exam so the first outfit is
just a red mini jumper that I've got
from downtown disney and then the second
outfit is just a blue jean pied it's
been more dressing a bit more girly but
still comfortable and then I'm wearing
these nude flats with that and if it is
a bit warmer where you are then I
suggest wearing a t-shirt and some
sneakers maybes so I hope you guys enjoy
this video that is all I have for you
today I will see you in my next video
you're amazing I'm put it next to my
video oh my arm